== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

# _Game Tracker_

##### _{Brief description of application}, October 27, 2015_

#### By _**Trevor Scherling**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. Do you want other developers to use this code in their apps? Talk about things like that here in simple terms.}_

## Setup

* _Clone to Desktop_
* _In the terminal..._
* _Make sure 'postgres' is running_
* _rake db:create_
* _rake db:migrate_
* _Start server by typing 'rails s'_
* _In Browser type localhost:3000_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Are there other applications this app depends on?}_

## Technologies Used

_Ruby, Html, Rails, JavaScript, CSS, Postgres, Capybara,_

### Legal

Copyright (c) 2015 **_Trevor Scherling_**

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
